Add supported backends docs under guides (#4)
kubestash/docs: docs/guides/backends/gcs/index.md

#### Create Storage Secret

To configure storage secret for this backend, following secret keys are needed:

|                Key                |    Type    |                         Description                         |
| --------------------------------- | ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| `GOOGLE_PROJECT_ID`               | `Required` | Google Cloud project ID.                                    |
| `GOOGLE_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON_KEY` | `Required` | Google Cloud service account json key.                      |

Create storage secret as below,

```bash
$ echo -n '<your-project-id>' > GOOGLE_PROJECT_ID
$ mv downloaded-sa-json.key GOOGLE_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON_KEY
$ kubectl create secret generic -n demo gcs-secret \
    --from-file=./GOOGLE_PROJECT_ID \
    --from-file=./GOOGLE_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON_KEY
secret/gcs-secret created
```

### Create BackupStorage

> Now, you have to create a `BackupStorage` crd. You have to provide the storage secret that we have created earlier in `spec.storage.gcs.SecretName` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you have to create a `BackupStorage` crd. You have to specify the name of the storage secret that we have created earlier in the `spec.storage.gcs.SecretName` field.
```

> Now, you have to create a `BackupStorage` crd. You have to provide the storage secret that we have created earlier in `spec.backend.storageSecretName` field.

Reviewer 2: `spec.backend.storageSecretName` -> `spec.storage.gcs.secretName`

Below, the YAML of a sample `BackupStorage` crd that uses a GCS bucket as a backend.

```yaml
apiVersion: storage.kubestash.com/v1alpha1
kind: BackupStorage
metadata:
  name: gcs-storage
  namespace: demo
spec:
  storage:
    provider: gcs
    gcs:
      bucket: kubestash-demo
      prefix: demo
      secretName: gcs-secret
  usagePolicy:
    allowedNamespaces:
      from: All
  default: true # Use this BackupStorage as the default
  deletionPolicy: WipeOut # One of: WipeOut, Delete
```

Create the `BackupStorage` we have shown above using the following command,

```bash
$ kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubestash/docs/raw/{{< param "info.version" >}}/docs/guides/backends/gcs/examples/gcs.yaml
backupstorage.storage.kubestash.com/gcs-storaqge created

```

Now, we are ready to use this backend to backup our desired data using KubeStash.

## Next Steps

- Learn how to use KubeStash to backup workloads data from [here](/docs/guides/workloads/overview/index.md).

> - Learn how to use KubeStash to backup databases from [here](/docs/guides/addons/overview/index.md).

Reviewer 2: Remove this
